Add DRF middleware for channels authentication (#53)
ansible/django-ansible-base: docs/channels_authentication.md

To use the middleware, wrap it around the appropriate level of consumer in your `asgi.py`:

```
from django.urls import re_path

from channels.routing import ProtocolTypeRouter, URLRouter
from channels.security.websocket import AllowedHostsOriginValidator

from ansible_base.channels.middleware import DrfAuthMiddlewareStack

from myapp import consumers

application = ProtocolTypeRouter({

    "websocket": AllowedHostsOriginValidator(
        DrfAuthMiddlewareStack(
            URLRouter([
                re_path(r"^front(end)/$", consumers.AsyncChatConsumer.as_asgi()),
            ])
        )
    ),

})
```

While you can wrap the middleware around each consumer individually, it’s recommended you wrap it around a higher-level application component, like in this case the URLRouter.

Note that the DrfAuthMiddleware will only work on protocols that provide HTTP headers in their scope - by default, this is HTTP and WebSocket.

> If the user can be retreieved from the stored session or by any backend in `settings.AUTHENTICATION_BACKEND`, the user is stored in `scope["user"]`. Othwerwise the websocket connection is denied and closed with return code 403.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user can be retrieved from the stored session or by any backend in `settings.AUTHENTICATION_BACKEND`, the user is stored in `scope["user"]`. Otherwise the websocket connection is denied and closed with return code 403.
```
